# LibreTranslate Kubernetes DeploymentThis repository contains Kubernetes configuration files for deploying **LibreTranslate**, an open-source language translation service, as a set of microservices.## Table of Contents- [LibreTranslate Kubernetes Deployment](#libretranslate-kubernetes-deployment)  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)  - [Overview](#overview)  - [Configuration Files](#configuration-files)  - [Deployment Steps](#deployment-steps)    - [1. Apply ConfigMap and Redis](#1-apply-configmap-and-redis)    - [2. Extract ClusterIP](#2-extract-clusterip)    - [3. Update ConfigMap](#3-update-configmap)    - [4. Deploy LibreTranslate](#4-deploy-libretranslate)## Overview**LibreTranslate** is deployed in a Kubernetes cluster as a set of microservices, including a frontend, backend, and Redis for caching. The configuration is modular, allowing for scalability and efficient management.## Configuration Files- **libretranslate-config**: ConfigMap specifying language settings and Redis connection details.- **libretranslate-deployment**: Deployment configuration for the LibreTranslate microservice.- **libretranslate-svc**: Service definition for exposing the LibreTranslate frontend and backend.- **libretranslate-redis-svc**: Service for the Redis caching microservice.- **libretranslate-redis**: StatefulSet for deploying Redis with persistent storage.## Deployment StepsFollow these steps to deploy LibreTranslate in your Kubernetes cluster.### 1. Apply ConfigMap and Rediskubectl apply -f translatorApp-v1-0.yaml -l data=configkubectl apply -f translatorApp-v1-0.yaml -l app=libretranslate-redis### 2. Extract ClusterIPexport redis_host=$(kubectl get services/libretranslate-redis-svc --template='{{.spec.clusterIP}}')### 3. Update ConfigMapkubectl get configmap/libretranslate-config -o yaml | sed -r "s/NOTSET/$redis_host/" | kubectl apply -f -### 4. Deploy LibreTranslatekubectl apply -f translatorApp-v1-0.yaml -l app=libretranslateThese steps ensure that the necessary configurations are applied, the Redis service is running, and LibreTranslate is deployed with the updated configuration.